README.md, before:

# Binary-2-Decimal-Convertor

Binary is the number system all digital computers are based on. Therefore it's important for developers to understand binary, or base 2, mathematics. The purpose of Bin2Dec is to provide practice and understanding of how binary calculations.

Bin2Dec allows the user to enter strings of up to 8 binary digits, 0's and 1's, in any sequence and then displays its decimal equivalent.

This challenge requires that the developer implementing it follow these constraints:

Arrays may not be used to contain the binary digits entered by the user
Determining the decimal equivalent of a particular binary digit in the sequence must be calculated using a single mathematical function, for example the natural logarithm. It's up to you to figure out which function to use.


# User Stories
 User can enter a variable number of binary digits
 User must be notified if anything other than a 0 or 1 was entered
 User views the results in a single output field containing the decimal (base 10) equivalent of the binary number that was entered


# Design

![image](design.png)

# System Architecture
This a monolithic application that is built using the following technologies:
- Java 21
- JavaFX
- Maven
- JUnit 5
- Mockito
- Log4j
- JavaFX Scene Builder
- JavaFX CSS
- JavaFX FXML

# Contributing

## Issue Reporting

### Using the GitHub UI
1. Navigate to the [Issues](https://github.com/username/binary-2-decimal-convertor/issues) tab of the repository
2. Click on "New Issue"
3. Select either "Bug Report" or "Feature Request" template
4. Fill in the required information and submit the issue

### Using GitHub Actions
This repository has a GitHub Action that allows for creating issues directly through the GitHub Actions interface:

#### Single Issue Creation
1. Navigate to the [Actions](https://github.com/username/binary-2-decimal-convertor/actions) tab of the repository
2. Select the "Create Issues" workflow
3. Click "Run workflow"
4. Select **Creation mode**: "single"
5. Fill in the following information:
   - **Issue title**: A concise title describing the issue
   - **Issue body**: Detailed description of the issue or feature request
   - **Issue labels**: Comma-separated list of labels (e.g., "bug,documentation")
   - **Issue assignees**: GitHub usernames of people to assign (comma-separated)
6. Click "Run workflow" to create the issue

#### Bulk Issue Creation
This repository supports creating multiple issues at once using a JSON or CSV file:

1. Navigate to the [Actions](https://github.com/username/binary-2-decimal-convertor/actions) tab of the repository
2. Select the "Create Issues" workflow
3. Click "Run workflow"
4. Select **Creation mode**: "bulk"
5. Specify the path to your issues file (default: `.github/issues/bulk-issues.json`)
6. Click "Run workflow" to create all issues defined in the file

For bulk issue creation, prepare a JSON or CSV file with the issues you want to create. Examples are available in the `.github/issues/` directory:
- JSON format: `.github/issues/bulk-issues.json`
- CSV format: `.github/issues/bulk-issues.csv`

For bug reports, please include:
- Steps to reproduce the issue
- Expected behavior
- Actual behavior
- Environment details (OS, Java version, etc.)

For feature requests, please include:
- A clear description of the proposed feature
- Why this feature would be beneficial
- Any implementation ideas you may have

## Bulk Issue Format

For bulk issue creation, you can use either JSON or CSV format:

### JSON Format
```json
[
  {
    "title": "Issue Title",
    "body": "Issue description and details",
    "labels": "label1,label2",
    "assignees": "username1,username2"
  },
  {
    "title": "Another Issue",
    "body": "Description for another issue",
    "labels": "bug",
    "assignees": ""
  }
]
```

### CSV Format
```csv
title,body,labels,assignees
"Issue Title","Issue description and details","label1,label2","username1,username2"
"Another Issue","Description for another issue","bug",""
```

You can add as many issues as needed to these files. To use your custom file:
1. Add it to the repository (e.g., in the `.github/issues/` directory)
2. When running the workflow, specify the path to your file relative to the repository root
3. The action will process all issues in the file and create them in the repository

### Using Bulk GitHub Issue Creator Tool

For advanced issue management, a separate tool has been developed that allows for bulk issue creation across any GitHub repository:

**[Bulk GitHub Issue Creator](https://github.com/username/bulk-github-issue-creator)**

This standalone Java application provides the following benefits:
- Create multiple issues at once using JSON or CSV files
- Use from any machine with Java installed
- Work with any GitHub repository
- Detailed reporting of creation results
- Dry-run mode to preview before creating

To use this tool:
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/username/bulk-github-issue-creator.git`
2. Build with Maven: `mvn clean package`
3. Run with your repository and issue file: 
   ```
   java -jar target/bulk-github-issue-creator-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar --repo username/binary-2-decimal-convertor --file issues.json
   ```

See the [Bulk GitHub Issue Creator README](https://github.com/username/bulk-github-issue-creator) for complete documentation.

Commit message:

Remove bulk issue creation workflow and update README for issue reporting

README.md, after:

# Binary-2-Decimal-Convertor

Binary is the number system all digital computers are based on. Therefore it's important for developers to understand binary, or base 2, mathematics. The purpose of Bin2Dec is to provide practice and understanding of how binary calculations.

Bin2Dec allows the user to enter strings of up to 8 binary digits, 0's and 1's, in any sequence and then displays its decimal equivalent.

This challenge requires that the developer implementing it follow these constraints:

Arrays may not be used to contain the binary digits entered by the user
Determining the decimal equivalent of a particular binary digit in the sequence must be calculated using a single mathematical function, for example the natural logarithm. It's up to you to figure out which function to use.


# User Stories
 User can enter a variable number of binary digits
 User must be notified if anything other than a 0 or 1 was entered
 User views the results in a single output field containing the decimal (base 10) equivalent of the binary number that was entered


# Design

![image](design.png)

# System Architecture
This a monolithic application that is built using the following technologies:
- Java 21
- JavaFX
- Maven
- JUnit 5
- Mockito
- Log4j
- JavaFX Scene Builder
- JavaFX CSS
- JavaFX FXML

# Contributing

## Issue Reporting

### Using the GitHub UI
1. Navigate to the [Issues](https://github.com/msjackiebrown/binary-2-decimal-convertor/issues) tab of the repository
2. Click on "New Issue"
3. Select either "Bug Report" or "Feature Request" template
4. Fill in the required information and submit the issue

### Using GitHub Actions
This repository has a GitHub Action that allows for creating issues directly through the GitHub Actions interface:

#### Single Issue Creation
1. Navigate to the [Actions](https://github.com/msjackiebrown/binary-2-decimal-convertor/actions) tab of the repository
2. Select the "Create Issues" workflow
3. Click "Run workflow"
4. Select **Creation mode**: "single"
5. Fill in the following information:
   - **Issue title**: A concise title describing the issue
   - **Issue body**: Detailed description of the issue or feature request
   - **Issue labels**: Comma-separated list of labels (e.g., "bug,documentation")
   - **Issue assignees**: GitHub usernames of people to assign (comma-separated)
6. Click "Run workflow" to create the issue

#### Bulk Issue Creation
For creating multiple issues at once, please see the [Bulk GitHub Issue Creator Tool](#using-bulk-github-issue-creator-tool) section below.

For bug reports, please include:
- Steps to reproduce the issue
- Expected behavior
- Actual behavior
- Environment details (OS, Java version, etc.)

For feature requests, please include:
- A clear description of the proposed feature
- Why this feature would be beneficial
- Any implementation ideas you may have

## Bulk Issue Format

The [Bulk GitHub Issue Creator](#using-bulk-github-issue-creator-tool) tool supports both JSON and CSV formats for defining issues:

### JSON Format
```json
[
  {
    "title": "Issue Title",
    "body": "Issue description and details",
    "labels": "label1,label2",
    "assignees": "username1,username2"
  },
  {
    "title": "Another Issue",
    "body": "Description for another issue",
    "labels": "bug",
    "assignees": ""
  }
]
```

### CSV Format
```csv
title,body,labels,assignees
"Issue Title","Issue description and details","label1,label2","username1,username2"
"Another Issue","Description for another issue","bug",""
```

You can add as many issues as needed to these files. To use your custom file with the Bulk GitHub Issue Creator tool, see the section below.

### Using Bulk GitHub Issue Creator Tool

The recommended tool for bulk issue creation is our custom-built application:

**[Bulk GitHub Issue Creator](https://github.com/msjackiebrown/bulk-github-issue-creator)**

This standalone Java application provides the following benefits:
- Create multiple issues at once using JSON or CSV files
- Use from any machine with Java installed
- Work with any GitHub repository
- Detailed reporting of creation results
- Dry-run mode to preview before creating

To use this tool:
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/msjackiebrown/bulk-github-issue-creator.git`
2. Build with Maven: `mvn clean package`
3. Run with your repository and issue file: 
   ```
   java -jar target/bulk-github-issue-creator-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar --repo msjackiebrown/binary-2-decimal-convertor --file issues.json
   ```

See the [Bulk GitHub Issue Creator README](https://github.com/msjackiebrown/bulk-github-issue-creator) for complete documentation.
